---
title: 'Elegance'
layout: post
meta: Poem by apsdehal
tags: [Poems] 
class: post
---

Two sides of a human lie here in front of us,<br/> 
Whether you know or not its all the matter inside us.<br/> 
The Beauty is the virtue given by the God, <br/>
Kinds are two, one dominating other. <br/>
People use the one a way odd. <br/>
The outer body beauty is not provided to all,<br/> 
But of those few granted, some use it to their fall.<br/> 
They get a false pride that they are superior then others,<br/> 
No one on this holy land is perfect to be their sisters or brothers.<br/> 
Harsh to people, they speak the language of unknown, <br/>
Slowly, Slowly everything from their hands will be gone. <br/>
They decide their doom by their own hand, <br/>
The reward for the moment is grand. <br/>
But ultimately their end is near, <br/>
Because one who doesn’t have heart and sympathy for others,<br/> 
Have God above to fear. <br/>
They utilize people to their own interests,<br/> 
In the end, they lie in the pool of tears, tears and tears. <br/>

The world is big, it doesn’t end here, <br/>
There are too beatiful people to lost. <br/>
Beautiful not in the sense of color or hair,<br/> 
As we go along this prose, <br/>
The essence of internal beauty will show on <br/>
This saga is eternal and will forever go on. <br/>
Just inside this temporary body lies a beautiful frost. <br/>
So lovely, so expressive, so cute, <br/>
That its peace of mind, piece of an inexpressible breeze,<br/> 
Turns others still, fill listening freezed. <br/>
Such is the effect of internal beauty, <br/>
These people keep others happy, <br/>
While themselves they may be sad. <br/>
There only objective is to see the world merryand glad.